i'm trying to improve my html & css skills, 
so i went to frontend mentor, which is a website
that challanges developers to build real wolrd projects
to help improve their skills. And so i selected this website
to build.

I went ahead to download all the files
required to build the webpage from frontend mentor, and I got to work.

The first thing i did was to divide the page in to two sections,
image section &
text section.
(silence)

After that, i made the basic structure of the website.
(silence and show the structure).
yeah i think it looks cool. joking smiling thumbs up.

the main website has a space around it, and i need to add that.
all i have to do is just add padding right?
(show)(silence)
well not exactly.

I played around with it for a little bit more.
after so many failed attempts of trying to add the spaces, i decided to remove the image temporarily,
and replace it with a solid color. by doing this, it becomes easier to get the basic structure of 
the webpage down first, before finally adding back the image.

I also gave each section background-colors to aid my styling, 
and help know the actual postion of each elements.
(show)
after doing this, i immediately realised that the container 
for the image section and text section (ouline the container) was not at
the center of the page and i neededed to do that first.

i also realised i was supposed to add margin initally, not padding
(dissapointed emoji)
(show)
Thats a lots better.
Yeah pro tip use background colors. although im not sure if im qualified to give tips 
but o well..

i played around with for a little bit more and made the site fit the browser window.
somthing like this. (show) and added centered it perfectly

now i can add the image right?
(show)
bro where did all the text go to.

after little playing around i fixed the problem and got to look like this.
(show)
but comparing it to the original image, its a bit big so i reduced it.(show)
and the finally added the rounded corners and the corect colors(show).

so now what was left for me was to style the text section.
and after a little bit of styling i got it to look like this
(show)

and the finally i added in responsiveness. so what you on a mobile device
will be different form what you see on a desktop. somthing like this.
(show)
i added in the correct font, styled button, and added the the finishing touches.
and now were done. this is what the page looked like.(show)




 
